Smart Woman Privacy Policy.

Read our social media policy, which sets out our terms for your use of Smart Woman's social media Platform/Community.

We have created some terms and conditions (theRules) which set out the terms for your use of Smart Woman’s Nigeria social media Platform/Community, which currently spans comments on Smart Woman.com, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, LinkedIn, Pinterest and Google+ (the community).

Please read the following Rules carefully, as they provide information about using the Platform/Community in a way that is respectful and lawful. By using, or submitting material to the Platform/Community you agree that you have read, understood, accept, and agree to abide by, these Rules.

The terms, conditions and policies that apply to specific social networks, such as Facebook or Twitter, also apply to the Smart Woman profiles they host. Were recommend that you familiarise yourself with those terms and conditions before participating in the Platform/Community and we disclaim any liability associated with your use of those services, or for your failure to view or comply with their terms, conditions and policies. Where there is a conflict between these Rules and the terms and conditions of the relevant social media channels, the social media channels’ terms and conditions will prevail.

Moderation of the Platform/Community: We strive to create dialogue with users of our Platform/Community and encourage you to share content via the Platform/Community in accordance with these Rules(Chats, Posts, Contribution).To help us do that, we try to monitor the Platform/Community during normal Nigeria business hours(9am-5pm, Monday to Friday, excluding Nigeria public holidays). We will try to check that all submissions to the Platform/Community comply with our acceptable use standards described below (AcceptableUseStandards)as soon as reasonably practicable after publicatio"),

If in our opinion an individual makes use of the Platform/Community in breach of these Rules, we reserve the right to remove, or to disable access to any Chats, Posts, Contribution, and to terminate, suspend or change the conditions of their access to the Platform/Community without prior warning. We also reserve the right to bring legal proceedings against any individual for a breach of the Rules, or take such other action as we reasonably deem appropriate.

We expressly exclude our liability for any loss or damage arising from the use of the Platform/Community by any person in contravention of these Rules. While we try to moderate the Platform/Community we are not legally responsible for any material posted by third parties and we may stop, or suspend, moderating the Platform/Community at anytime.

Important points: The views expressed by any individual within the Platform/Community are those of the individual and do not necessarily reflect the views of Smart Woman"),

Any advice or information posted to the Platform/Community should not be regarded as advice on which any reliance should be placed. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by a user of the Platform/Community, or by any one who may be informed of any of its contents.

Any advice or information posted to the Platform/Community should not be accepted as true or correct. It is up to individual users to check the validity of any advice or information before relying on it, especially where the consequences of following it

Some times Smart Woman automatically follows back users which follow Smart Woman profiles within the Platform/Community. A follow-back does not constitute an endorsement; the same applies to re-tweeting or sharing messages posted on accounts that Smart Woman does not own, or marking them as 'favourites', or other wise sharing

Minors: The Platform/Community is intended for use by individuals aged 18 years or more. Minors must get permission from their parent or guardian before using the Platform/Community. We recommend that parents who allow their children to use the Platform/Community discusson line safety with their children first and that parents endeavour to monitor any use of the Platform/Community. Minors should also be given guidance on how to use the Platform/Community safely and in away that complies with these Rules


Acceptable use standards:  We want to create an open, caring and respectful Platform/Community. To help us do this, you agree that your use of the Platform/Community and your Chats, Posts, Contributions must:

be accurate and genuinely believed avoid quoting out of context and include a credit for the original author as the source of material comply with all applicable domestic,foreign and international laws that govern the content which makes up the Chats, Posts, Contribution You also agree that your use of the Platform/Community and Chats, Posts, Contributions will not: be defamatory, unlawful, obscene, offensive, hateful,abusive, inflammatory, threatening, invasive of anyone’s privacy, or otherwise objectionable promote discrimination on grounds of race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, religion or belief, sexual orientation, being a trans sexual person, or age infringe any intellectual property rights including copyright, design right, database right, patents, trademark,moral or performer’s right or anyother third party right be likely to harass, upset, alarm or cause distress to any other person contain an instruction, advice, or content that could cause harm or injury to individuals or to computers or systems encourage anyone to commit any unlawful or criminal act or condone any unlawful or criminal act give the impression that the Chats, Posts, Contribution emanates from Smart Woman (or any of its group companies) if this is not the case, or impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person contain any advertising When every ou upload material to the Platform/Community, or to make contact with other users of the Platform/Community, you must comply with our Acceptable Use Standards. You warrant that any such Chats, Posts, Contribution does comply with those standards,and you indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to our site is defamatory of them,a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy. We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of our site

Copyright: By submitting a Chats, Posts, Contribution to the Platform/Community, you agree to grant Smart Woman a non-exclusive perpetual licence to use that Chats, Posts, Contribution and to waive your moral rights. Although you will still own the copyright in your Chats, Posts, Contribution, Smart Woman will have the right to freely use, edit, alter, reproduce, publish and/or distribute the material contained in your Chats, Posts, Contribution in any format and media.This licence will be free of charge, perpetual and capable of sub-licence. Smart Woman may exercise all copyright and publicity rights in the material contained in your Chats, Posts, Contribution in all jurisdictions,to their full extent and for the full period for which any such rights exist in that material. We reserve the right to display advertisements in connection with your Chats, Posts, Contributions. Please also note that, in accordance with the Content Standards, you must ensure that your Chats, Posts, Contribution does not infringe any copyright, database right or trademark of any other person. By submitting your Chats, Posts, Contribution to the Platform/Community, you are warranting that you have the right to grant Smart Woman the non-exclusive copyright licence described above. If you are not in a position to grant such a licence to Smart Woman, please do not submit the Chats, Posts, Contribution to the Platform/Community.

            Data protection: If you are required to submit personal data directly to Smart Woman during the registration process, we will only use such data for administration and monitoring purposes and will not share your data with third parties unless legally required to do so."),

            Complaints: If you wish to complain about any Chats, Posts, Contribution posted to the Platform/Community, please contact us at external relations osilitsolutionslimited@gmail.com. When you submit a complaint, please (1) outline the reason for your complaint, and (2) specify where the Chats, Posts, Contribution you are complaining about is located. We may request further information from you about your complaint before we process it. We will then review the Chats, Posts, Contribution and decide whether it complies with our Acceptable Use Standards. We will deal with any Chats, Posts, Contribution which, in our opinion, violates our Content Standards as described above (see section 'Monitoring'). We will inform you of the outcome of our review within a reasonable time of receiving your complaint.

            Changes to these rules: We may revise these Rules at anytime. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make as they are legally binding on you and will apply to you from the date the change was made. You agree to accept and comply with any changes to the rules if you use the Platform/Community after the change is made.

            Governing law and jurisdiction: These Rules are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Nigeria to settle any dispute or claim that arises out of or in connection with these Rules, their subject matter or formation. If any part of these Rules is deemed unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable then that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining parts.
